Understanding Data Types
1. 
A person’s telephone number : long

A person’s height: short
 
A person’s age: short

A person’s gender (Male, Female, Prefer Not To Answer): byte

A person’s salary: int

A book’s ISBN: string

A book’s price: double

A book’s shipping weight: double

A country’s population: uint

The number of stars in the universe: ulong

The number of employees in each of the small or medium businesses in the
United Kingdom (up to about 50,000 employees per business)

2. What are the difference between value type and reference type variables? What is boxing and unboxing?
Value Type variables contain the data directly, while reference type variables store reference to their data
Each value type variable has its own copy of data, but two reference type variables can reference the same object
Operations on one value type variable don't affect another value type variable, but operations on a reference type variable may affect other reference type variables 

Boxing is converting value type variables to Object, which allows values store in the heap.
Unboxing is the reversal operation of boxing. It converts Object back to value type variable.

3. What is meant by the terms managed resource and unmanaged resource in .NET
managed resource is the resource that is managed by garbage collector of .NET(free automatically)
unmanaged resource is the resource that require users to free memory allocation manually after using. 

4. Whats the purpose of Garbage Collector in .NET?
The purpose of Garbage Collector in .NET is to help users manage memory efficiently. With Garbage Collector users don't need to manually release memory for managed resources. 
GC will also allocates objects on managed heap efficiently.


Controlling Flow and Converting Types
1. What happens when you divide an int variable by 0?
It will throw System.DivideByZeroException when running

2. What happens when you divide a double variable by 0?
the variable will become infinite(∞)

3. What happens when you overflow an int variable, that is, set it to a value beyond its
range?
Since int is signed, overflow it sets the varibale to a wrong value
e.g. -2147483648 -1 becomes 2147483647 
 2147483647 +1 becomes -2147483648


4. What is the difference between x = y++; and x = ++y;?
In the first case, the x will be assigned with y's value, then y add by 1
In the second case, y will first add by 1, then x will be assigned with y's value

5. What is the difference between break, continue, and return when used inside a loop
statement?
break stops the loop and begin running code next to the loop.
continue skipped the remaining code of current cycle, but the loop will continue running
return will exit the method.

6. What are the three parts of a for statement and which of them are required?
The first part is initializer, it will run only once in the beginning of for loop
The second part is end condition, it will be evaluated at the start of each cycle, if the statement is true, the code inside the loop will execute, otherwise the program will execute the next line of code after the loop
The third part is the iterator, it will execute every time after the execution of the body code of loop.
None of them are required for a for statement(if all 3 are missing it becomes a infinite loop)


7. What is the difference between the = and == operators?
= operator is used for assignment (assign values to variable)
== is equality operator that checks if its operands are equal or not

8. Does the following statement compile? for ( ; true; ) ;
It does because it is semantically correct.


9. What does the underscore _ represent in a switch expression?
_ is represent a discardable variable.

10. What interface must an object implement to be enumerated over by using the foreach
statement?

The object needs to implment IEnumerable<T> to be enumberated.

Arrays and Strings
1. When to use String vs. StringBuilder in c#?
When we need to do a lot of string manipulation, StringBuilder will save a lot of space in memory compare to using String.
When we don't manipulate the string very much, String is enough.

2. What is the base class for all arrays in C#?
The base class for all arrays in C# is Array class

3. How do you sort an array in C#?
Array.Sort(the_array_you_want_to-sort);

4. What property of an array object can be used to get the total number of elements in
an array?
the Length property

5. Can you store multiple data types in System.Array?

no, only one data type is allowed in a single array.

6. What’s the difference between the System.Array.CopyTo() and System.Array.Clone()?
Clone() returns a new array, while copy to needs to specify the copy destination.
Copyto can also allows you to specify the starting index of tatget array at which copying begins.


