1. What are the six combinations of access modifier keywords and what do they do? 
public: This type of member can be accessed any other code in the same assembly or another assembly that references it.
private: This type of member can only be accessed by code in the same class or struct.
protected: This type of member can only be accessed by code in the same class or class derived from that class.
internal: This type of member can be accessed any other code in the same assembly.
protected internal: This type of member can be accessed by any code in the same assembly or class which derived from that class.
privated protected: This type of mmber can only be accessed by code in the same class or class which derived from that class in the same assembly.

2.What is the difference between the static, const, and readonly keywords when applied to a type member?
static variables belongs to a type, not the instance of type.
both readonly and const cannot be changed once they get a value
read only can only be definced globally
read only only can be changed in the constructor, but const cannot be changed anywhere
const cant be initilized , but readonly can because it

3. What does a constructor do?
It is executed once when you created a class, constructor can initialize the variable inside the class.  

4. Why is the partial keyword useful?
partial keyword alllows us to seperate the implementation and delcaration of methods into different file. 
Developers can choose whether implement methods or not at this time.

5. What is a tuple?
tuple is a data structture that stores a set of values/objects

6. What does the C# record keyword do?
records provides bultin functionality for encapsulating data and print out data.

7. What does overloading and overriding mean?
overloading means making a method support different number/type of parameters in the same time.
overriding means changing the implementation in an derived class to achieve different result than the base class

8. What is the difference between a field and a property?
interface cannot contain field, but can contain interface
We can execute statements when getting and setting properties
we can set the access previlige of get and set seperately when using properties.
we should access fields through properties and methods.


9. How do you make a method parameter optional?
int add(int x, int y=2) y here is optional

10. What is an interface and how is it different from abstract class?
Interface is a contract (as it gives is a list of emthods) which is implemented by the derived class
As mentioned above, interfaces can only have method declaration not implmentation
Interfaces can not have constructors, but abstract classes can
Interfaces can still have properties(but not fields)
you cannot make instance of an interface like abstract.
Interfaces can support multiple inheritance, classes cannot

11. What accessibility level are members of an interface?
public


12. True/False. Polymorphism allows derived classes to provide different implementations
of the same method.
True

13. True/False. The override keyword is used to indicate that a method in a derived class is
providing its own implementation of a method.
True

14. True/False. The new keyword is used to indicate that a method in a derived class is
providing its own implementation of a method.
True

15. True/False. Abstract methods can be used in a normal (non-abstract) class. 
False

16. True/False. Normal (non-abstract) methods can be used in an abstract class. 
True

17. True/False. Derived classes can override methods that were virtual in the base class. 
True

18. True/False. Derived classes can override methods that were abstract in the base class. 
True

19. True/False. In a derived class, you can override a method that was neither virtual non abstract in the
base class.
False

20. True/False. A class that implements an interface does not have to provide an
implementation for all of the members of the interface.
False

21. True/False. A class that implements an interface is allowed to have other members that
aren’t defined in the interface.
True

22. True/False. A class can have more than one base class.
False

23. True/False. A class can implement more than one interface.
True